we are behind the scene of the rehearsal
where all the girls are practicing their
walk and mustering their routine so
let's go and check them out
how do you prepare yourself when it
comes to your walk for your swimsuit for
your evening gala even for the final
question I just wanted to be fluent and
let my personality show on stage so I
was focusing on that and I was mentally
prepared because I believe that if you
are mentally prepared you can go very
well with your preparation how are you
feeling right now I feel excited or
nervous for the finest night I'm very
excited because I always enjoy the
moment I never get nervous this is
once-in-a-lifetime an opportunity so you
cannot wait to make it count what can
you say about this year so I'm bad about
the girls that their walk and you know
how they pose on the stage I have some
exceptionally good girls this year of
course we never know how really good
they do cuz we don't know an interview
Miss Universe has to interview well she
must be able to speak and be a full
grown woman so that she can represent
the organization I don't need a top
model
I need a spokesperson who happens to be
beautiful
how do you prepare for your final walk
for zoom student for your evening gown
walk well I don't know about anybody
else but for myself I always bring it
when I see the crowd you know what I
mean but of course at rehearsals you
give it your all but once you see the
crowd is like a different type of energy
it's like your ego takes over and you're
like fierce all of a sudden she said ok
is it possible for you to show us here
rinoa runway walk sure no problem
okay so here's mr. mica with her fierce
runway walk
okay all right oh that's a good walk I
can't wait to the CEO on the finals Mike
Mitchell Micah thank you so much she's
so much for having me so there you have
it we got the sneak peek of behind the
scenes so be sure to tune in live on
January 25th
you